Update sharepoint-online-and-onedrive-migration-speed.md (#2863)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/sharepoint-online-and-onedrive-migration-speed.md

    - Which migration tool you are using. For example, SPMT, ShareGate, Mover, etc.
</br></br>

> **Question: When migrating OneNote notebooks that contain attachments from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint Online, all attachments greater than 100Kb are missing. ") ?**</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Question: When migrating OneNote notebooks that contain attachments from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint Online, all attachments greater than 100 KB are missing.**</br>
```

> **Question: When migrating OneNote notebooks that contain attachments from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint Online, all attachments greater than 100Kb are missing. ") ?**</br>
> Answer: In SharePoint 2010, OneNote notebooks with attachments greater than 100Kb are put into a folder with a special content type which the SharePoint Migration Tool cannot read.
> As a workaround, you can migrate your SharePoint 2010 data to SharePoint 2016, then use the SharePoint Migration Tool migrate the data from SharePoint 2016 to SharePoint Online. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Question: When migrating OneNote notebooks that contain attachments from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint Online, all attachments greater than 100 KB are missing.**</br>
Answer: In SharePoint 2010, OneNote notebooks with attachments greater than 100 KB are put into a folder with a special content type that the SharePoint Migration Tool cannot read.
As a workaround, you can migrate your SharePoint 2010 data to SharePoint 2016, then use the SharePoint Migration Tool to migrate the data from SharePoint 2016 to SharePoint Online. 
```
